<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        <meta charset="UTF-8">
        <title>Extensions</title>
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width">

        <style>
        body {
            margin: 0;
            padding: 30px;
            font-family: droid sans, segoe ui, ubuntu, sans-serif
        }

        h2 {
            margin: 0 0 5px 0;
            font-size: 20px;
            font-weight: bold
        }

        h2.disabled {
            margin-top: 30px
        }

        h2.enabled, ol.enabled a {
            color: #1b5e20
        }

        h2.disabled, ol.disabled a {
            color: #b71c1c
        }

        ol {
            margin: 0;
            padding: 0
        }

        li {
            margin: 0 0 5px 30px;
            font-size: 16px
        }

        a {
            text-decoration: none
        }

        a:hover {
            text-decoration: underline
        }
        </style>
    </head>

    <body>
        <h2 class="enabled">Enabled</h2>
        <ol class="enabled">
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bcjiagkgnilmcngacjlfhmpdmbhbjcah" target="_blank" title="Control your browser&#39;s global screen brightness">Adjust Screen Brightness</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fngloeboacfmebbamdodniaeagapdjhg" target="_blank" title="">Archived Sites</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jhnleheckmknfcgijgkadoemagpecfol" target="_blank" title="Increase browser speed and reduce memory load and when you have numerous open tabs.">Auto Tab Discard</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ehegokamemeojeojdpehnbkapdldcnai" target="_blank" title="Find Useful Open Source By Browsing and Combining 7,000 Topics In 59 Categories, Spanning The Top 357,901 Projects">Awsome Open Source - Find Open Source By Searching, Browsing and Combining 7,000 Topics</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dfanhpdcmhemhkjafmannijhneiplgec" target="_blank" title="Brancher lets you explore, manage and share your history in a totally new visual way.">Brancher - Visual History Manager</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jmcfmelleocacidoafodgndekmliggjf" target="_blank" title="Comparison table of &lt;b&gt;Keyboard shortcuts&lt;/b&gt; as used in Firefox, Google Chrome, Internet Explorer (IE8), Opera, and Safari as used in Windows. It is still the most comprehensive Firefox keyboard and mouse shortcuts list you will find.">chrome and other Browser Keyboard Shortcuts (Comparison Table)</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lddjgfpjnifpeondafidennlcfagekbp" target="_blank" title="All downloads overwrite existing files instead of adding &#39; (1)&#39;, &#39; (2)&#39;, etc. Includes fix to remember folders.">Downloads Overwrite Already Existing Files</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pelfeecbhjdkophomagnapdehbehannj" target="_blank" title="">dupeGuru</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/faibokoegfgacehipkhinndacjneibdi" target="_blank" title="View the exif information for a jpeg file, and Edit EXIF, EXIF GPS, IPTC, XMP, Thumbnail and more. Remove, Clean up all metadata.">Exif Tag Editor for JPEG</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cmeckkgeamghjhkepejgjockldoblhcb" target="_blank" title="Export name and url of all installed extensions in Google Chrome">Export links of all extensions</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gjldcdngmdknpinoemndlidpcabkggco" target="_blank" title="Manage extensions, Quickly enable/disable, Support batching operation, Smart sorting. Fast, Simple and Secure.">Extension Manager</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dnjakfpjefiiombofdpmhgckkklibide" target="_blank" title="">Files - ownCloud</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mcodbccegmndmnbpbgkpdkoleoagjpgk" target="_blank" title="Floating youtube always on top">Floating Player for Youtube™ Videos</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lpcccgcdjibejkgiaeijbmkpbnbkglkb" target="_blank" title="Manage form history entries (search, view, edit, cleanup, export/import) and easy formfiller.">Form History Control (II)</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nnblmmglchphbcdolknpmmdmkmbachle" target="_blank" title="Get repository recommendations on Github">Gitrec</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/oldceeleldhonbafppcapldpdifcinji" target="_blank" title="Check your texts for spelling and grammar problems everywhere on the web">Grammar and Spell Checker - LanguageTool</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fihnjjcciajhdojfnbdddfaoknhalnja" target="_blank" title="">I don&#39;t care about cookies</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/haimhgpldkmcgccigjgejbdabjoaaifn" target="_blank" title="">Konkeror</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gmhmnhjihabohahcllfgjooaoecglhpi" target="_blank" title="Share Folders and Drives between Computers on your LAN and access / copy files across PC (Windows), Mac, Chromebook &amp; Linux Desktops">LanFolder</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cakleannaofoaookbklmjlcjjjpepadm" target="_blank" title="Monitor memory use, displayed as percent in use in colored extension icon.  Based on pd4d10&#39;s Memory Monitor extension.">Memory Use Percent Monitor</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/geomeogjfgenhfoieiphimgobkfakflb" target="_blank" title="">ownCloud</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kjacbkiphlkankoljednchldlmagokil" target="_blank" title="GitHub Gist: star and fork perXautomatik&#39;s gists by creating an account on GitHub.">perXautomatik’s gists</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jdolgjncmhmboklhmacpknglmiibbldg" target="_blank" title="Instantly search inside any YouTube™ playlist.">Playlist Search for YouTube™</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mkegfdegjecjmmkdbdgpnjbgjcebicob" target="_blank" title="">QDirStat</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bkdmkcpliolodfhpndnocfpglldmeeop" target="_blank" title="Save notes and webpage information as private gists.">Save as Gist</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pbagpneoecpclhmkhnbomanjedbomnbk" target="_blank" title="">Sort Your Music</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bhoodecbejheonelhikcfahgpgahffmf" target="_blank" title="Have FUN organizing &amp; saving your tabs &amp; windows with the ultimate Tab Manager.">SplitUp! - Tab manager</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cnkjkdjlofllcpbemipjbcpfnglbgieh" target="_blank" title="Spotify - Music for every moment">Spotify - Music for every moment</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kpjdlajohabipdmkagmcpnjdgiamnjhn" target="_blank" title="">Stash</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ocfjjjjhkpapocigimmppepjgfdecjkb" target="_blank" title="Simple editor for Storage Area for Chrome Packaged Apps &amp; Extensions">Storage Area Explorer</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/iaiomicjabeggjcfkbimgmglanimpnae" target="_blank" title="Save and restore the state of windows and tabs. It also supports automatic saving.">Tab Session Manager</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/abnkaliknbombdffbbpgpbipnakkgpak" target="_blank" title="">Tower/Main</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bfcodeehkjogenemacopdbhabjebnbah" target="_blank" title="Change the color of visited links">Visited</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hidbidjiepegikkmpimdcafaalloohbf" target="_blank" title="">Vscode</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fpnmgdkabkmnadcjpehmlllkndpkmiak" target="_blank" title="Reduce annoying 404 pages by automatically checking for an archived copy in the Wayback Machine.">Wayback Machine</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eiipeonhflhoiacfbniealbdjoeoglid" target="_blank" title="See your browsing activities across all your devices in surfaces like Windows timeline and Microsoft Launcher for Android.">Web Activities</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hhinaapppaileiechjoiifaancjggfjm" target="_blank" title="Scrobble music all around the web!">Web Scrobbler</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dmkoiclnhddbhpfebpgdndnjifkifggn" target="_blank" title="">WorkVM-GUAC</a></li>
        </ol>


        <h2 class="disabled">Disabled</h2>
        <ol class="disabled">
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ggknkmooilghoofbbncnoieffcphogib" target="_blank" title="">(156) zsasasas - YouTube</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/aaeiploobnfomicfnoloiejlcnagjapl" target="_blank" title="Watch your history with thumbnails of the page you visited">1Click History with thumbnails</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mjbepbhonbojpoaenhckjocchgfiaofo" target="_blank" title="Ace Script is an open-source extension which provides userscript support for browsers.">Ace Script</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dgibfaacpcgapbgbopdcoaimigodiccn" target="_blank" title="Address Bar Search Options">Address Bar Search Options</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hgmloofddffdnphfgcellkdfbfbjeloo" target="_blank" title="The web developers helper program to create and test custom HTTP requests.">Advanced REST client</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dpacanjfikmhoddligfbehkpomnbgblf" target="_blank" title="What is the song? Song identifier tells you!">AHA Music - Song Finder for Browser</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pkchapmjffpihgnkmgdlbckdigdpobon" target="_blank" title="The software that summarizes your texts with one click powered by AIsummarizer ">AIsummarizer</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ehjicobhjldomnjicohkkejcgljecncf" target="_blank" title="Minify &amp; pretty-print source code with ease.">Alchemize</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cknebhggccemgcnbidipinkifmmegdel" target="_blank" title="The official Alexa Traffic Rank extension">Alexa Traffic Rank</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mmjbociiiafjimjiddoegfljjomglfoc" target="_blank" title="AliCompare">AliExpress Image Search - AliCompare</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cpodebcggidjigndghagpkepglfbhali" target="_blank" title="Search products on AliExpress by image. Does not redirect to Google like other extensions! Right click and search!">AliExpress Search By Image</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/joghfdanngcpobcbmdapcemgbjphihag" target="_blank" title="The extension for AliExpress finds similar products at a better price.">AliExpress: Search similar products</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/niicehbadcoefddejdcmlgkbdpkbegem" target="_blank" title="Find the lowest price on AliExpress">AliPriceCompare - price comparison</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hompjdfbfmmmgflfjdlnkohcplmboaeo" target="_blank" title="Re-enable the possibility to use the context menu on sites that overrides it.">Allow Right-Click</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lamaakaemgdclpnfbofmhpkanfnojjch" target="_blank" title="Allow selection and copy, right click and paste on any webpage with copy protection">Allow Select And Copy</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bfllfmelefabahclnehpdocekedapcbj" target="_blank" title="Find the alternative to every software product with a single click.">Alternative To by SaaSHub</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pigjfndpomdldkmoaiiigpbncemhjeca" target="_blank" title="An extension to follow the evolution of your browser fingerprint! Be notified as soon as a change is detected!">AmIUnique</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ndlppagggobloiddihlgkhambleecphp" target="_blank" title="The only tool you will ever need for all you API Design, Documentation and Testing needs.">Apic App</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/aeojbjinmmhjenohjehcidmappiodhjm" target="_blank" title="Capture API Requests and Responses in browser and share via a link. Makes collaborative debugging and issue solving easier.">ApiRequest.io Ajax Capture Debugging Tool</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mcgpfgockbdjabkddlfbomppijopocgn" target="_blank" title="Append selected text to clipboard.">Append Text To Clipboard</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lmjegmlicamnimmfhcmpkclmigmmcbeh" target="_blank" title="Open Drive files directly from your browser in compatible applications installed on your computer.">Application Launcher For Drive (by Google)</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kfehlfaeeefnnbponboooacmenececcb" target="_blank" title="This extension for Google Apps Script allows you to change the order of the tabs and files in the main editor and in the sidebar.">Apps Script Sortable List Files</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ciggahcpieccaejjdpkllokejakhkome" target="_blank" title="This extension change the color style of the google apps script editor. It also allow to use folders with folder/subFolder/file">AppsScript Color</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/elhoagejfapekjaefenmngphliikoace" target="_blank" title="This extension helps you to download multiple files from archive.org collections">Archive Downloader</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/adgighgcbfehkndhaimnpjiomblafffc" target="_blank" title="Find and Identify! Recognizes any music playing on any website in your browser.">AudID - Music Recognition</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ebmfdpppokkplmndpamkhbmochcdlefp" target="_blank" title="">Audio Pipes</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dbcdnhfnlpncjompeodddgcbcnloadij" target="_blank" title="Listen to audio on focused tab only, muting all others. To keep the audio on the background: pin tab or open a separate window">AudioZapper - What You See Is What You Hear</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/elgalmkoelokbchhkhacckoklkejnhcd" target="_blank" title="Extends the Developer Tools, adding tools for debugging and profiling Angular applications.">Augury</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lgmkhmedpaidhgonghfhijjlgaballje" target="_blank" title="Get image captions for all images by right-clicking them">Auto Alt Text</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/iibninhmiggehlcdolcilmhacighjamp" target="_blank" title="Create custom keyboard shortcuts to expand and replace text as you type!">Auto Text Expander for Google Chrome™</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eobkhgkgoejnjaiofdmphhkemmomfabg" target="_blank" title="Displays card image popups for collectable card games on all webpages you visit.">AutocardAnywhere</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lkaihdpfpifdlgoapbfocpmekbokmcfd" target="_blank" title="Customize Chrome&#39;s native shortcuts, Create your own shortcuts, Mouse gestures, Bookmark shortcuts, and much more.">AutoControl: Custom shortcuts, Mouse gestures</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nlmmgnhgdeffjkdckmikfpnddkbbfkkk" target="_blank" title="Form autofill on steroids.">Autofill</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/igiofjhpmpihnifddepnpngfjhkfenbp" target="_blank" title="A browser Extension for auto loading paginated web pages. AutoPagerize use in many web site, and provide efficiently web browsing.">AutoPagerize</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nfjaddknccljfohoaekkibpcceeenkah" target="_blank" title="Displays a list of all windows and tabs open in Google Chrome. Allows filtering, sorting, refreshing, bookmarking, and saving.">Awesome Window &amp; Tab Manager</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/aaebjepcfidgkojljbgoilgkgklehldj" target="_blank" title="Make your Drive experience Awesome!">AwesomeDrive for Google Drive</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ihhiomekhplpdojbcaniaglcfopckaef" target="_blank" title="Add multiple links to Pocket at once through the selected text or by pasting links into the extension.">Batch Save Pocket</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fkchdogohkjpnhfkganifkbbjcjofbjf" target="_blank" title="Make navigating YouTube&#39;s subscription grid easier by hiding watched videos">Better Subscriptions for YouTube™</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/addhjliabodfedbldldgckekdeplehai" target="_blank" title="Optimized fuzzy omnibox history search - Like firefox quick history search.">Bomnibox - Better Omnibox</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/idbigcbhfbdclcbljcoopcjgkejaknnl" target="_blank" title="Advanced bookmark manager provides tagging, instant sorting, and filtering among all bookmarks on a full list view.">Bookmanize - Advanced bookmark manager</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/paigdnkkmodopofccgdeacgoocgeijkn" target="_blank" title="Process bookmarks for Chrome&#34;Other Folders&#34;. There are storage &#34;temporary&#34; bookmarks, classified save bookmarks, shortcut key operations, custom settings, quick view bookmarks, efficient management of bookmarks and more.">Bookmark</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eghjldnoldfcnfgfkbnmcbaalnkljphi" target="_blank" title="This extension stores browser bookmarks into the user&#39;s dropbox account and syncs them across multiple computers and web browser">Bookmark Box</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/knfpajocfeohpaipkfpdbfhgibajfmcf" target="_blank" title="A dual-pane Norton Commander liked bookmarks manager that supports sorting, dark theme, search, and duplicate detection">Bookmarks Commander</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/joodangkbfjnajiiifokapkpmhfnpleo" target="_blank" title="">Calculator</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fkkbhcpcpapcgcfjmllgibbnalmpbjcm" target="_blank" title="A Bandcamp search tool">Camp Explorer</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eapecadlmfblmnfnojebefkbginhggeh" target="_blank" title="Record content of pages to an animated gif picture from browser">Capture to a Gif</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fljalecfjciodhpcledpamjachpmelml" target="_blank" title="Professional text editing for Chrome and Chrome OS">Caret</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nnbihdpkeohjdfncchjhidbbonnihaob" target="_blank" title="Check All checkboxes in current tab. Other options available are Uncheck all, Inverse checks, Restict checks to particular element  ">Check All</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lbpddeimojmbpkbfckjpnbpehgnbpnnl" target="_blank" title="Fasten your browser by cleaning all cashed and saved data">Chrome Cleaner</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jifpbeccnghkjeaalbbjmodiffmgedin" target="_blank" title="View source code of Chrome extensions, Firefox addons or Opera extensions (crx/nex/xpi) from the Chrome web store and elsewhere.">Chrome extension source viewer</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ndgnpnpakfcdjmpgmcaknimfgcldechn" target="_blank" title="This application provides you &#39;MySQL GUI Admin console&#39; windows.">Chrome MySQL Admin</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gecgipfabdickgidpmbicneamekgbaej" target="_blank" title="The Chrome Web Store Launcher provides quick, easy access to all your Chrome apps.">Chrome Web Store Launcher (by Google)</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jndclpdbaamdhonoechobihbbiimdgai" target="_blank" title="Create recovery media for your Chromebook.">Chromebook Recovery Utility</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ljngjbnaijcbncmcnjfhigebomdlkcjo" target="_blank" title="ChroPath helps to generate and validate selectors like relative xpath with iframe,svg support. It also generate english testcases.">ChroPath</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lnfepbjehgokldcaljagbmchhnaaogpc" target="_blank" title="Readonly KeePass password database integration for Chrome™">CKP - KeePass integration for Chrome™</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ajiejmhbejpdgkkigpddefnjmgcbkenk" target="_blank" title="Clipboard manager extension for your browser: history of copied text, sync clipboard items, instant paste">Clipboard History Pro: best productivity tool</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lccfnphpgnpeghoffocbacbkohbapinm" target="_blank" title="Close tabs which are duplicated. Only tabs with exact URL matches are closed.">Close Duplicate Tab</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hlmlielnekakcdfpkbgcpnphenleogfp" target="_blank" title="Compare versions of your cloud text files in-browser or using your configured diff tool.">CloudDiff</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cobieddmkhhnbeldhncnfcgcaccmehgn" target="_blank" title="Cycle through last used Chrome tabs using keyboard shortcut.">CLUT: Cycle Last Used Tabs</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/adaepfiocmagdimjecpifghcgfjlfmkh" target="_blank" title="An multi-language code text-editor crafted for the Chrome OS. Completely free to use and to modify under the GPL!">Code Pad Text Editor</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lapbbfoohlcmlbdaakldmmallcbcbpjb" target="_blank" title="Enables copying columns from tables.">ColumnCopy</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jaoaipchgmdieejepndehhkgjihmffde" target="_blank" title="Sonar Lite is a performance monitoring tool designed for system administrators to troubleshoot real time network performance issues">Constellix Sonar Lite Network Troubleshooting</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/icegcmhgphfkgglbljbkdegiaaihifce" target="_blank" title="An extension fully loaded with tons of useful time-related features... But the best part is, it is totally COOL.">Cool Clock</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ccddopnnikeeoogpfbnfommfoeliaidg" target="_blank" title="Export all links and image links from the current page to Excel or JSON format.">Copy all links and image links to CSV or JSON</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dmdbhcacalljmfmilnhmnhihdfoamdap" target="_blank" title="This extension tries to copy the current page DOM elements to the clipboard, including dynamic JavaScript generated elements.">Copy DOM Content</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/npadekjkhjjdjajfclelimnbfooodbch" target="_blank" title="">Crosh</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nhbmpbdladcchdhkemlojfjdknjadhmh" target="_blank" title="">Crosh Window</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hiajijaeaacmnpjpkcfnhohmaijanjgf" target="_blank" title="Performance and battery life benchmark for Chrome OS devices">CrXPRT</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/plbeolffejbcpmndnfknfkcaofdmdeln" target="_blank" title="Showing CSS attribute on element hover">CSS Spy</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mphgmadkligoedhahoinkjghofkpmedf" target="_blank" title="Customize a button.">Custom Button</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jlmpjdjjbgclbocgajdjefcidcncaied" target="_blank" title="Get programming news with zero effort. Simply open a new tab, and you’re all set. A must-have tool for busy developers!">daily.dev - News for Busy Developers</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dmghijelimhndkbmpgbldicpogfkceaj" target="_blank" title="A global dark theme for the web">Dark Mode</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dkcdmdpcapjlaoioeenamjdanpeehjan" target="_blank" title="Fixes the YouTube™ algorithm to remove mainstream media results from searches.">De-Mainstream YouTube™</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ikpbklpebmmpnjijokjmlapjhbekmbkm" target="_blank" title="Sease all scripts activity on the page, thus saving CPU, memory, and network.">Deactivator</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/biabbcomlbkpheflaadfacefiajmjoed" target="_blank" title="Toggle classes and attributes">DevTools Classes &amp; Atributes panel</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fjdgklpppgpbgkhdnkngmdimagfgpdkn" target="_blank" title="Free online tool that compares and finds the differences between two texts or strings.">Diff Text by DiffEngineX LLC</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pnhplgjpclknigjpccbcnmicgcieojbh" target="_blank" title="Bookmark, Archive, Screenshot &amp; Markup - All-In-One Web Collector, must-have research tool">Diigo Web Collector - Capture and Annotate</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/baocaagndhipibgklemoalmkljaimfdj" target="_blank" title="A tool for designers to measure screen dimensions">Dimensions</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/poahndpaaanbpbeafbkploiobpiiieko" target="_blank" title="Displays anchors for all content in the current web page without breaking the layout.">Display #Anchors</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eipknbkoepfidigecmlofhmhlecmhfcj" target="_blank" title="The tool extracts element details (name, url, id, depth, value, alt, src and href) from webpage DOM. Works for iframes, too!">DOM to JSON Converter</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hkdnokkapkcmjhmbobdggmdhbocokafc" target="_blank" title="Search Google Images™ by drawing doodles. Can Google guess correctly what you meant to draw?">Doodle Search - for Google Images™</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/llanhaaigblafdecdihpppjaeekpddfl" target="_blank" title="Allows you to overwrite, replace existing files in Google Drive. instead of creating new file. Upload one file or multiple files.">Drive Overwrite, File Replace for Drive</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jmbhhkegmlllnemffdfjjhldapbhiaag" target="_blank" title="DWService offers a service that allows access to remote systems using a standard web browser.">DWService - remote access, remote administration, remote support</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nfdfiepdkbnoanddpianalelglmfooik" target="_blank" title="EQ any audio you find on the web, live! Crank the bass, dim the highs, up the vocals: all with Ears!">Ears: Bass Boost, EQ Any Audio!</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eiejadjdcchfommckmikpcdnihljbpai" target="_blank" title="Edit an HTML element and all its child nodes in Sublime Text editor with real-time updates">Edit with Sublime Text™</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fngmhnnpilhplaeedifhccceomclgfbg" target="_blank" title="EditThisCookie is a cookie manager. You can add, delete, edit, search, protect and block cookies!">EditThisCookie</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cmddjimnbiilckakmjjljdjinelkpine" target="_blank" title="Displays DOM item details (path, id, class name) when mousing over it.">Element Path Finder</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fbodooeekdjejmannopmfgblmkbkcmhg" target="_blank" title="Embed content on any webpage.">Embox</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/blpnkmdkoapbdhpmemnaikpbhajknmdb" target="_blank" title="An enhanced look at your browsing history. Search &amp; filtering in a sleek interface. Fork of Better History.">Enhanced History</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dbpjfmehfpcgmlpfnfilcnhbckmecmca" target="_blank" title="Show trailers, IMDb/Simkl ratings, secret categories and much more, on the Netflix page. Sync Netflix or Crunchyroll to Simkl.">Enhancer for Netflix, Crunchyroll, etc</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hknjpaididhfgeocegbacehlnkofjoni" target="_blank" title="Automatic page translation from American to International System of units">Everything Metric - Auto Unit Converter</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gdeahmamcoanadeblogkaghaofgpflkd" target="_blank" title="Exif Viewer is a tool that shows the Exif, Meta info of your pictures, docs. Extracts and displays the Exif, IPTC metadata.">Exif Meta Viewer With Drive</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dcoegfodcnjofhjfbhegcgjgapeichlf" target="_blank" title="Allows to export Chrome history and bookmarks into JSON file, which can be converted to CSV/XLS/XLSX file at http://www.json-xls.com">Export History/Bookmarks to JSON/CSV*/XLS*</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nnkcfbiefgdaceeplickkkmifpicbpcc" target="_blank" title="Preview links in a draggable, resizable overlay/popup.">ezLinkPreview</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bnjjngeaknajbdcgpfkgnonkmififhfo" target="_blank" title="A form filler that fills all inputs on a page with fake/dummy data.">Fake Filler</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hlffpaajmfllggclnjppbblobdhokjhe" target="_blank" title="This application provides File System for your Dropbox storage.">File System for Dropbox</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jbfdfcehgafdbfpniaimfbfomafoadgo" target="_blank" title="This application provides File System for your OneDrive storage.">File System for OneDrive</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jajhdmnpiocpbpnlpejbgmpijgmoknnl" target="_blank" title="Adds search &amp; replace tool for input fields and editable text content.">Find &amp; Replace for Text Editing</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bjkmldgdbbehjahimccnckggoofdommo" target="_blank" title="First paint time, page load time, to optimize your webpages">First Paint &amp; Page Load Time</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fnaicdffflnofjppbagibeoednhnbjhg" target="_blank" title="Sync your bookmarks across browsers via Nextcloud, WebDAV or Google Drive">floccus bookmarks sync</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chidlojljmmcgpjapdbkedbbilnjoddg" target="_blank" title="Flowbar is a Tabs &amp; Bookmark Manager to make your life easier and more organized.">Flowbar</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dnjndbdikhfgkpjohmlimbmglbpminck" target="_blank" title="">Flowbar | Dashboard</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gijlnmefafhloacckomgabbndcepdnce" target="_blank" title="">fluany</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/iebbppibdpjldhohknhgjoapijellonp" target="_blank" title="The programmable form filler for developers using javascript functions.">Form-O-Fill - The programmable form filler</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eckknmnfoohbeklmjlidmfdlakndcfkm" target="_blank" title="Hide YouTube™ videos you&#39;ve already watched to easily discover fresh content.">FreshView for YouTube™</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/glieaboaghdnlglpkekghloldikefofo" target="_blank" title="Create photo galleries from a single image based on the image name.">Fuskr</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ponjkmladgjfjgllmhnkhgbgocdigcjm" target="_blank" title="The best access to Google™ Services and Websites">G App Launcher (Customizer for Google™)</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/neielcniaeobgbeebfdmpmcoefchbipl" target="_blank" title="">Gab Social</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bmolaacbagnmpdfhgaomcfhgofgnfgif" target="_blank" title="Visualising your Chrome experience">GAT Shield Personal</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cmfcdkambpljcndgdmaccaagladfnepa" target="_blank" title="Gif Delayer delays playing gifs until they are fully downloaded.">Gif Delayer</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fjlmkbgkecelphjcapljnhiebbcbimjh" target="_blank" title="This extension adds switch branches functionality to GitHub&#39;s branch comparison page.">GitHub - Compare Branch Switcher</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cioiakfpohjbldapjdenhmdenmdcdigd" target="_blank" title="Adds UI to GitHub commits pages to easier create GitHub compare urls">GitHub compare helper</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pjkolicadkdcfgjjoopdpleenckeajkk" target="_blank" title="Adds tags to the compare page of Github.">Github compare tags</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lfjcgcmkmjjlieihflfhjopckgpelofo" target="_blank" title="Manage your gas code with github/github enterprise/bitbucket/gitlab">Google Apps Script GitHub Assistant</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mgijmajocgfcbeboacabfgobmjgjcoja" target="_blank" title="View definitions easily as you browse the web.">Google Dictionary (by Google)</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ghbmnnjooekpmoecnnnilnnbdlolhkhi" target="_blank" title="Edit, create, and view your documents, spreadsheets, and presentations — all without internet access.">Google Docs Offline</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eolnmipkgioggbdmfjonnnaedbogmokb" target="_blank" title="This extension syncs your drive files with bookmarks">Google Drive Bookmarks</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hcglmfcclpfgljeaiahehebeoaiicbko" target="_blank" title="Store, search, and share a lifetime of photos">Google Photos</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ncmjhecbjeaamljdfahankockkkdmedg" target="_blank" title="">Google Photos</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/appnhljekbigckdfnickpoahhledjgab" target="_blank" title="Geolocation picture manager of Google Photos on map, save pictures to PDF. Pin and save PDF using map location and geotag">Google Photos on map: browse, pin, PDF</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/komhbcfkdcgmcdoenjcjheifdiabikfi" target="_blank" title="A one-stop shop for all your favorite entertainment.">Google Play</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gdijeikdkaembjbdobgfkoidjkpbmlkd" target="_blank" title="Watch movies from Google Play ">Google Play Movies &amp; TV</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mkmjdljkedjpedbceoaaghdmcnipdcjf" target="_blank" title="View web pages from search results without any clicks, directly from Google.">Google Results Previewer</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pjnfggphgdjblhfjaphkjhfpiiekbbej" target="_blank" title="Discover webpages similar to the page you&#39;re currently browsing.">Google Similar Pages</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/aapbdbdomjkkjkaonfhkkikfgjllcleb" target="_blank" title="View translations easily as you browse the web. By the Google Translate team.">Google Translate</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lpmoaclacdaofhlijejogfldmgkdlglj" target="_blank" title="This extension allow to export your browser history">History export</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eailembbokjdoehchhlpbhnjlkecgack" target="_blank" title="Show the relevant pages in your browsing history while searching on Google or viewing any web page.">History Finder</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ifekbbngjjcachfekcpeejphmkeckged" target="_blank" title="Manage your history better">History Manager</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gnkekbekankhgcmajobhnbdhopcmnfjj" target="_blank" title="Browsing with a map in hand">History Map</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nangghhladpnhlllolmdbdgeggionole" target="_blank" title="Displays interactive charts and statistics of your entire browsing history.">History Trends</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pnmchffiealhkdloeffcdnbgdnedheme" target="_blank" title="Search and analyze your unlimited history.">History Trends Unlimited</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ndbagohiojdjjafgjanakanpmialabpd" target="_blank" title="Visualize your tab history as a tree">histree</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eimpgjcahblfpdgiknmbmglcafegimil" target="_blank" title="HTML DOM Navigation lets you view the node tree in a simple and easy way. IRB would be really useful for Watir automation.">HTML DOM Navigation</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jkkccmdilclkdkhkfdmcbdiagpibmpne" target="_blank" title="Scan and copy text, html markup on any websites ">Html Scan</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dlbbmhhaadfnbbdnjalilhdakfmiffeg" target="_blank" title="Html is really a tree of elements, css is what defines the layout. This extension displays any page as a tree.">HTML Tree Generator</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ajeckfnejjkkhcbdhidfgahjpelakpcd" target="_blank" title="Opens and shows HTML files inside Google Drive">HTML Viewer</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nkhjamjppefmeceaokadfacbdmmcmdpg" target="_blank" title="Crop and reverse search images using Google or TinEye. Designed specifically to aid in identifying images in puzzle hunts.">Huntress Reverse Image Search</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hnlaacnnnjecflpkaccgplbjnfjeccpc" target="_blank" title="Deletes enter spaces from code file">Hype Minifier</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cnlabakikmdekpfaflaihcepfkjopgll" target="_blank" title="Access i&#39;m feeling lucky from the address bar! Type &#39;\&#39; and press Tab.">I&#39;m Feeling Lucky</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bnomihfieiccainjcjblhegjgglakjdd" target="_blank" title="Make YouTube tidy &amp; powerful! YouTube Player Size Theme Quality Auto HD Colors Playback Speed Style ad block Playlist Channel H.264">Improve YouTube! (Open-Source for YouTube)</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/blijlgfnjhnhmnaldaiienmjggbjhbaa" target="_blank" title="Equivalent to the Apple Safari picture-in-picture player but for chrome">iPrevYou - YouTube™ Player</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/enhkeonpomkliaedmafeniofidolfmdd" target="_blank" title="Edit JavaScript in a live editor that shows the results of running JavaScript, CSS, and HTML">JavaScript Editor</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jlcmafhhfghnndpclpnhgknchmoiceao" target="_blank" title="Check whether or not a page is served by one of the Joomunited&#39;s cache extension">Joomunited cache checker</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kalnennlfaffhbdbnoakkiiciifmmohk" target="_blank" title="Replace jQuery in site with local file to speed up page load.">jQuery-cache</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/olnjnghiiigbjdjfnngpmjaghcgpmjkl" target="_blank" title="Display the usedJSHeapSize of the current tab">JS RAM memory consumption : usedJSHeapSize</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mjfdbdokeoeehiiifinfifnakpeajbgm" target="_blank" title="It will minify or compress the JSON text">JSON Compressor</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bcjindcccaagfpapjjmafapmmgkkhgoa" target="_blank" title="Makes JSON easy to read. Open source.">JSON Formatter</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cgpbbgjlljobcemhhimjknkldpinacpn" target="_blank" title="">JSON pathfinder</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gbmdgpbipfallnflgajpaliibnhdgobh" target="_blank" title="The most beautiful and customizable JSON/JSONP highlighter that your eyes have ever seen. Open source at https://goo.gl/fmphc7">JSON Viewer</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bankcpekihijigplompggpdolehhnale" target="_blank" title="Find all JSONPaths for a specified node within a JSON document">JSONPath Finder</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ecnphlgnajanjnkcmbpancdjoidceilk" target="_blank" title="Best PDF and Document Annotation and Markup Tool. Works with Google Drive and Google Classroom">Kami Extension - PDF and Document Annotation</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fmhmiaejopepamlcjkncpgpdjichnecm" target="_blank" title="Readonly KeePass password database integration for Chrome™">KeePass Tusk - Password Access and Autofill</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jgnfghanfbjmimbdmnjfofnbcgpkbegj" target="_blank" title="Helper extension for KeePass to find and insert logins and passwords without copying them">KeePassHelper Password Manager</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pjhofffhfenjpcilpcipoaampnclheop" target="_blank" title="Listen to music from konstruktor_k’s library (161,133 tracks played). konstruktor_k’s top artists: Gridlock, Navicon Torture Technologies, Converter. Get your own music profile at Last.fm, the world’s largest social music platform.">konstruktor_k’s Music Profile — Users...</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hdokiejnpimakedhajhdlcegeplioahd" target="_blank" title="LastPass, an award-winning password manager, saves your passwords and gives you secure access from every computer and mobile device.">LastPass: Free Password Manager</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mgmkfbapiafkaebchhbghgffkfcmolhb" target="_blank" title="Load only the active tab when booting up an old session of Chrome.">Laziest Load</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dncmpfbjeippfclnpgbhpbhhapegibfp" target="_blank" title="This extension allows the user to create folders of links/tabs for various topics">Link Folders</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lfpjkncokllnfokkgpkobnkbkmelfefj" target="_blank" title="Lets you open, copy or bookmark multiple links at the same time.">Linkclump</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/meajfmicibjppdgbjfkpdikfjcflabpk" target="_blank" title="This extension lights up with a new notification count whenever you have new activity waiting for you at LinkedIn.">LinkedIn Extension</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bpiehpmcnipgajgjdmalnpobnkfaanlj" target="_blank" title="Cache ajax requests to your local machine, making page loads faster and more predictable.">Local Cache</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eokekhgpaakbkfkmjjcbffibkencdfkl" target="_blank" title="Open local file links to hard disk, company&#39;s shared folders, mapped network drive... directly in your corporate website.">Local Explorer - File Manager on web browser</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/opheklanmaieaeneebdohfpbjkhcgilk" target="_blank" title="Allows opening local folders and show containing images in a gallery slideshow">LocalGalleryViewerExtension</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pplkkehghfmdfghoopnelpcofbganpfc" target="_blank" title="Manage - and group - your installed extensions">ManExt</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/idhgkmnohcikhlciggjinlikclejfmih" target="_blank" title="Extends the Developer Tools, clicking a resource will open it in your IDE.">Map to IntelliJ IDE</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/emaamodndfmmmcjepfigalbjjjemadom" target="_blank" title="Take control of videos, games, images &amp; other media content on webpages. Move, resize, turn lights off, or make them full screen.">MediaPlus</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nnmfinjmffhaenlbjhbpfmbkiodgehcl" target="_blank" title="Mergely lets you compare any text with rich intuitive interface">Mergely Text Compare</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hpfldicfbfomlpcikngkocigghgafkph" target="_blank" title="Use Messages for web to send SMS, MMS and chat messages from your computer. Open the Messages app on your Android phone to get started.">Messages</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nngjipgjhfkaeimbhgmodlbhligdflei" target="_blank" title="Use Messages for web to send SMS, MMS and chat messages from your computer. Open the Messages app on your Android phone to get started.">Messages</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lcencafelbhhmfmlfhejhncccphbjdhj" target="_blank" title="">Microsoft To Do</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pbnndmlekkboofhnbonilimejonapojg" target="_blank" title="Custom color schemes for all websites: night mode, dark themes, blue light filter, screen shader, high contrast, grayscale, etc.">Midnight Lizard</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ipgpjgifjnioddcchjpjcfagalbfapfk" target="_blank" title="View performance data preview">Mini Performance Monitor</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/idgpnmonknjnojddfkpgkljpfnnfcklj" target="_blank" title="Modify HTTP request and response headers">ModHeader</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/abhdadadmefcinkehbogolpfocgjkkgb" target="_blank" title="Monitoring and cleaning system for computer&#39;s CPU and RAM usage">Monitor and Clean system&#39;s CPU / RAM usage</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lompiehpjobkhelnjlhjiedhddijiekg" target="_blank" title="Open multiple URls at once with single click. Also supports delay in opening URls.">Multiple URL Opener</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ocdlpdmejajjjfcmhggnhbeacmgnabad" target="_blank" title="Let the machine do what it does best and we do worst">MultitaskOS</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/acofndgbcimipbpeoplfjcapdbebbmca" target="_blank" title="Take control of noisy tabs: mute by default, blacklists, and more">MuteTab</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eppojlglocelodeimnohnlnionkobfln" target="_blank" title="">Netflix</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ndjpildffkeodjdaeebdhnncfhopkajk" target="_blank" title="Access your network file shares directly from the Chrome OS files app.">Network File Share for Chrome OS</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cemcnpjeepmkfaceemkgimgckjfcfmio" target="_blank" title="Shows your continuous network load caused by chrome.">Network Indicator</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pjjgnpjhedgolccfdplecmnapdjhlknm" target="_blank" title="customize new tab by an iframe">New Tab iFrame</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/flfemkicmemllbonegllchhlfbkiejei" target="_blank" title="Change &#34;Up next&#34; Video via Drag and Drop">Nextube - Change &#34;Up next&#34; video on YouTube™</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bkmjnlfillpnkgmjnhgklpjjlpjnfeil" target="_blank" title="Splits the screen and loads all links in the second window">NiftySplit</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bhllciafajoolibfgpoknippnclemole" target="_blank" title="Get a visualization of the call stack during the lifetime of the last request.">Node Alice</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/aajodjghehmlpahhboidcpfjcncmcklf" target="_blank" title="A powerful Extensions Manager">NooBoss</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fjoaledfpmneenckfbpdfhkmimnjocfa" target="_blank" title="Download NordVPN - the world’s #1 VPN Chrome extension for total privacy and security">NordVPN - #1 VPN Proxy Extension for Chrome</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/enbjpmappigbchejinjpdnpoebdiaghd" target="_blank" title="">Notebooks</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hoddinokjifhganfcgkjmkkngljebjdj" target="_blank" title="Obvibase makes creating an online database as easy and fast as creating a spreadsheet.">Obvibase: an online database editor</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mblfcbmihdhgbkogmkbpokdeenjiamjg" target="_blank" title="Search electronic parts by technical specs, prices, and availability. Find parts and datasheets across suppliers and manufacturers.">Octopart - Electronic Part Search</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nejbcdegohekbebnnaidlnfccjljegak" target="_blank" title="Download files, video streams and BitTorrent media directly to your device or your cloud storage space.">Offcloud</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ocdlmjhbenodhlknglojajgokahchlkk" target="_blank" title="">Office</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gbkeegbaiigmenfmjfclcdgdpimamgkj" target="_blank" title="View and edit Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint files with Google Docs, Sheets, and Slides">Office Editing for Docs, Sheets &amp; Slides</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gojbdfnpnhogfdgjbigejoaolejmgdhk" target="_blank" title="Save anything on the web to OneNote. Clip it to OneNote, organize and edit it, then access it from any device.">OneNote Web Clipper</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chphlpgkkbolifaimnlloiipkdnihall" target="_blank" title="Save up to 95% memory and reduce tab clutter">OneTab</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/opjjpmhoiojifppkkcdabiobhakljdgm" target="_blank" title="Manage downloads, sniff and save videos, images, mp3s. Power up Chrome with Online Download Manager">Online Download Manager</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/keghogjhbkfbkomcggafaeifbkgojkjb" target="_blank" title="Create collages from user images. You can export the results to PNG">Online Photo Collages</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lhmniafhghadengdbpbidigcdmmmnfig" target="_blank" title="Super simple, free and fast browser-based utility for replacing text. Just paste your text and it&#39;ll instantly get replaced. Textabulous!">Online Text T...</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hnldbiikfjheppkbnjbnkgimnfejifpf" target="_blank" title="Improves Google&#39;s image search results by highlighting the found image in its page.">Oogle</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bjmmjfdegplhkefakjkccocjanekbapn" target="_blank" title="View, edit, analyse and compare contents of OOXML documents.">OOXML Tools</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kdhjgkkaacdhdioocfbpmhjidbinfajj" target="_blank" title="Adds context menu items to open a frame (or iframe) in the current tab, a new tab, new window, or incognito window.">Open Frame</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fcmoifjllifgjedihhcmbhjmfakcadcm" target="_blank" title="Open the active tab in a private window via toolbar button or context-menu.">Open in Private Mode</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kgpefningcojblgciiljmabggbbjiojb" target="_blank" title="Makes links open in the same tab">Open Link in Same Tab</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/oifijhaokejakekmnjmphonojcfkpbbh" target="_blank" title="Opens a list of URLs">Open Multiple URLs</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ikoadmominiommllaijlbbiieikoeooo" target="_blank" title="">Ouch! 500 Error: Something went wrong</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/faolnafnngnfdaknnbpnkhgohbobgegn" target="_blank" title="">Outlook</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/leceanmnoanolhdkonbapdkplgikipon" target="_blank" title="Visual chrome tab manager that respects your context.">Overtab</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mnajikgodiohijkaknjomgpjjoogdfdj" target="_blank" title="A pace.js page load progress indicator on every page.">Pace4Chrome</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ogeebjpdeabhncjpfhgdibjajcajepgg" target="_blank" title="Stays in the background and monitors web pages for changes.">Page Monitor</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lableglmojmhoafpejaknbokihkkgooh" target="_blank" title="Page Structure Cache">Page Structure Cache</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mooaaejpdfdebnddpokcdimcobepahlg" target="_blank" title="Shows debug info and internal state for Panel components">Panel Components</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bklbjhnfdbohcagboogdmiinjjlhmmgg" target="_blank" title="It allows you to merge, split, remove, and rotate PDFs for free. This app only works locally without uploading PDFs to any server.">PDF Merge and Split (Without Server)</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bgngjfgpahnnncnimlhjgjhdajmaeeoa" target="_blank" title="Pearltrees lets you organize all your interests.">Pearltrees Extension</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nolijncfnkgaikbjbdaogikpmpbdcdef" target="_blank" title="Blocks domains/hosts from appearing in your Google search results.">Personal Blocklist (by Google)</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hchhdmipllkkldlekhlfkfmojafjaeeg" target="_blank" title="Create simply and freely UML diagrams from your browser thanks to PlantUML Web Server. Just enter a text diagram, and get the result in PNG or SVG format.">PlantUML</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fjjanlhcmlajhaneibjbdgpgogodhbji" target="_blank" title="Find the best Hentai Games and Porn Games on Nutaku. Your number 1 destination for uncensored browser, mobile and downloadable games.">Play Free Hentai Games and Porn Games Online - Nutaku</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ameobkgafemjmlgobgbdadbdbgncbecg" target="_blank" title="Sort YouTube playlist videos alphabetically by title">Playlist Sorter for YouTube</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pcnainllcjaimmjfkkddifniiofebndj" target="_blank" title="">playlistmahinery - Sort Your Music</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hfkpmdohdjblhadgdmhbdgdcpgddoain" target="_blank" title="">Playlistmaschinery - The Playlist Miner</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bdlhbjbdpkcnlbgbkejjkepclaaaffjm" target="_blank" title="Plok Chrome Extension – quickly saves links to web-content and visualizes them in an unlimited zooming environment.">Plok</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/khajkhinhblhaenlhpodnblkmpdgclne" target="_blank" title="Online, free, graphing and spreadsheet tool">Plotly</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/inagencdkahngbepkiglkggohojnmgnj" target="_blank" title="Easy to use optimizer, resizer for image files. Your image files can be 10%-70% smaller. Supports PNG, Animation GIF, JPEG files.">PNG, GIF, JPEG Optimizer</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kdmnjgijlmjgmimahnillepgcgeemffb" target="_blank" title="The best manager to group Youtube subscriptions. Make YouTube folders and sort Youtube channels">PocketTube: Youtube Subscription Manager</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nnlippelgfbglbhiccffmnmlnhmbjjpe" target="_blank" title="Move tab to standalone window, without tabs bar, navigation bar and bookmark bar UI.">Popup window</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/difghnheohclfklkcnbbknfnhojfiece" target="_blank" title="">Portalen</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lafpnfnchohhamoidohgmljijeafebbf" target="_blank" title="One-click posting of images to Google Photos™">Post To Google Photos™</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/famkodflhompmapangljedfdcfeligih" target="_blank" title="Utility that selectively overrides request caching and force fetches specific requests based on url patterns you provide.">Power Cache</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jdoppinocmncfoogncheajbjeipceeok" target="_blank" title="Auto Completes Everything You Type In, Without Disturbing.">Predictive Tab Key Auto Complete</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ecpkhgpdldjkdldonapgfbkihclemenm" target="_blank" title="Browse faster and smoother: request the browser to &#39;prefetch&#39; resources in the background as soon as you hover over a link.">Prelude</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kililblhcfpodipkcbobnbgnbbhgbkji" target="_blank" title="Pretty print your Javascript and JSON. Format your code for easier reading. Convert between XML and JSON.">Pretty Js</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/npgfabafajliaooeicdoahbpoajfmbbe" target="_blank" title="PrintWhatYouLike lets you print the good parts of any web page while skipping ads and other junk.">PrintWhatYouLike</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eoagmdboiealblmpaahjlhajggndaahi" target="_blank" title="Want to be productive? --- Ride the Owl! ">Productivity Owl</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/oghkljobbhapacbahlneolfclkniiami" target="_blank" title="A remarkably customizable personal homepage featuring 50+ widgets, breathtaking backgrounds and much more.">ProductivityTab — Custom Homepage Dashboard</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/molncoemjfmpgdkbdlbjmhlcgniigdnf" target="_blank" title="Highlight, copy, edit, and translate text from any image on the web.">Project Naptha</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chlffgpmiacpedhhbkiomidkjlcfhogd" target="_blank" title="Bringing together your devices, friends, and the things you care about.">Pushbullet</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cbbanapabopdclniplcfanpepneilmfj" target="_blank" title="This extension shows the QR code of the current URL address.">QR it!</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hdhinadidafjejdhmfkjgnolgimiaplp" target="_blank" title="Read out loud the current web-page article with one click. Supports 40+ languages.">Read Aloud: A Text to Speech Voice Reader</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gjbepkalbfffninamijgbcniiiogcgjp" target="_blank" title="Rotate webpages 90, 180, or 270 degrees for easy reading in bed">Read In Bed</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/odpdkefpnfejbfnmdilmfhephfffmfoh" target="_blank" title="Read websites in the language you&#39;re learning, translate words you don&#39;t know, and we&#39;ll create flashcards to help you remember.">Readlang Web Reader</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/khjgklaeknnibmeeanmbfjcnjablcpil" target="_blank" title="Undo closed tabs with your browsing history">Recent Tabs with your browsing history</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/njmimaecgocggclbecipdimilidimlpl" target="_blank" title="A more elegant solution for collapsing reddit comment trees">Reddit Comment Collapser</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ikingdipinldcfllekffnlgbojbbpilk" target="_blank" title="Get reddit notifications in chrome">Reddit Notifier</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hoolgoecmeegpbidbbcefgkjegdejibd" target="_blank" title="Watch for new posts in given subreddits or reddit search">Reddit post notifier</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/aomidfkchockcldhbkggjokdkkebmdll" target="_blank" title="The HTTP Header &amp; Redirect Checker for SEO">Redirect Path</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ocgpenflpmgnfapjedencafcfakcekcd" target="_blank" title="Automatically redirect content based on user-defined rules.">Redirector</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hgklcaodfmndpkajdmcmlpihhoenhpbp" target="_blank" title="">Relevance - Smart Tab Organizer</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kppndhfiaenbiioipolacicknfmdcdep" target="_blank" title="Renames the Tab Title">Rename Tab Title</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pkoacgokdfckfpndoffpifphamojphii" target="_blank" title="An extension to help you gain full control of any website by redirecting traffic, replacing, editing, or inserting new content.">Resource Override</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dofilojkogcnamnghamnjdgjkhgbledc" target="_blank" title="Allows to restart the browser with a button.">Restart Browser</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/babdjpjkdmdppnlgjlpgiknmbdblmdbd" target="_blank" title="Control the aesthetics and improve the navigability of HTML ietf.org RFC and Draft docs. Optional automatic redirects from TXT docs.">RFCRestyle</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hclhpnhohpmlbadmeieecaandnglfodm" target="_blank" title="Get hashtag suggestions for images and texts on any site (great for Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter, Facebook, Buffer, Hootsuite).">RiteTag</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pnjaodmkngahhkoihejjehlcdlnohgmp" target="_blank" title="Get a simple overview of your RSS and Atom feeds in the toolbar">RSS Feed Reader</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kefjpfngnndepjbopdmoebkipbgkggaa" target="_blank" title="RSSHub Radar 是 RSSHub 的衍生项目，她可以帮助你快速发现和订阅当前网站的 RSS 和 RSSHub">RSSHub Radar</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/llfneggaeggahfdlmioaemaifgopmban" target="_blank" title="The official Sacred Sword Princesses porn game. A high quality Action Adventure game online. Visit Nutaku for uncensored eroge and sex games for adult gamers!">Sacred Sword Princesses - Action Adventure Sex Game | Nutaku</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ecejaaoknpcjfheoejampbickooodnna" target="_blank" title="This extension displays the url to which the redirect would have occured. Choice wisely if you want to proceed.">Safer Redirects</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pkimacjjcahflldkhofmdjlelllacbil" target="_blank" title="Save images to custom locations from the context menu.">Save Image Router</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mkepenkbhepjelljcfiooignmpfgochi" target="_blank" title="Saves highlighted text to a file on your computer">Save Text to File</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gmbmikajjgmnabiglmofipeabaddhgne" target="_blank" title="Save web content or screen capture directly to Google Drive.">Save to Google Drive</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mhfjedhbggbodliofccpefegbmaoohin" target="_blank" title="Scraper extracts data out of HTML web pages and imports it into excel, xls, xlsx, csv, json, xml files.">Scraper Parsers - Free Web Scraping</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fccdiabakoglkihagkjmaomipdeegbpk" target="_blank" title="Screengrab! Saves or upload webpages as images.">Screengrab!</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dibbaaheaneakpnjljinhlghfljilakb" target="_blank" title="A simple lightweight text editor for your desktop.">Scribe Text Editor</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dajedkncpodkggklbegccjpmnglmnflm" target="_blank" title="This extension allows you to initiate a Google search using any image on the web. By the Google Images team.">Search by Image (by Google)</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ecgllillhilocegdanfdmbfnjonmhpie" target="_blank" title="Search goods by image on Aliexpress">Search by image on Aliexpress</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bkdjphkjphnnkghmehpnhohdbionmfok" target="_blank" title="Chrome Extension to search and open fast folders and files in your Google Drive™.">Search in Google Drive™</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hcjdanpjacpeeppdjkppebobilhaglfo" target="_blank" title="Enhances your search pages by inserting preview images and popularity ranks.">SearchPreview</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pnhechapfaindjhompbnflcldabbghjo" target="_blank" title="Terminal emulator and SSH and SFTP client.">Secure Shell App</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/npohodmlkdednnlbhfegpnhohpgckocf" target="_blank" title="Pops up the user menu with useful tools (copy, search, translation, highlight, etc.) when the text is selected with the mouse.">SelectionSK</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mhjhnkcfbdhnjickkkdbjoemdmbfginb" target="_blank" title="Easy, powerful CSS Selector generation.">SelectorGadget</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ndgimibanhlabgdgjcpbbndiehljcpfh" target="_blank" title="SelectorsHub helps to generate, write and verify the XPath &amp; cssSelector.">SelectorsHub</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/epgmnmcjdhapiojbohkkemlfkegmbebb" target="_blank" title="A nimble and flexible Selenium Page Object Model generator to improve agile testing process velocity.">Selenium Page Object Generator</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cbgkkbaghihhnaeabfcmmglhnfkfnpon" target="_blank" title="Derive an arbitrary area of a page in a separate popup window">Separate Window</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mmdjghedkfbdhbjhmefbbgjaihmmhkeg" target="_blank" title="Create, edit and send HTTP requests. Run API tests, validate HTTP responses and measure API performance.">Servistate HTTP Editor &amp; REST API Client</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cahmhpmgmcgbhafeickhklifhoonfala" target="_blank" title="Switch between multiple sessions on multiple websites.">Session Switcher</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/megbklhjamjbcafknkgmokldgolkdfig" target="_blank" title="Using websites with multiple accounts at the same time is made easy. Create an independent tab with a click of a button.">SessionBox - Free multi login to any website</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/faodanlpdbnpfnbjekababekhpmphfho" target="_blank" title="Reduce memory (RAM) usage and enhance browser performance with Sierra for Chrome.">Sierra for Chrome</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pjbeoppcjalfpobcfcfcdndbjdoeikkl" target="_blank" title="Search service allowing you to find a file among huge no. of files located under open directories of web servers via refined query.">Simplex Search - Direct Download Everything</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mpiodijhokgodhhofbcjdecpffjipkle" target="_blank" title="Save a complete page into a single HTML file">SingleFile</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jaoafjdoijdconemdmodhbfpianehlon" target="_blank" title="Skip intermediary pages that some pages use before redirecting to a final page.">Skip Redirect</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fpangaoielmaepplbaklenkbgbkgkbpf" target="_blank" title="Instant search right from YouTube&#39;s search box! Auto-preview, watch later and search while watching other videos.">SmartSearch for YouTube™</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lnkdbjbjpnpjeciipoaflmpcddinpjjp" target="_blank" title="YouTube Optimizer/Enhance. Provides &#39;Smart Buffer&#39; for slow connections; auto loop; buffer preferences; quality selection; and more">SmartVideo For YouTube™</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/amccppjkgkeicoaamonanofimceimcik" target="_blank" title="Lists of code snippets, urls, notes">SnipLists</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/llaficoajjainaijghjlofdfmbjpebpa" target="_blank" title="New Tab Page Replacement with 3D Speed Dial and predefined images, sync and organize your bookmarks, groups, and most visited">Speed Dial [FVD] - New Tab Page, 3D, Sync...</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/afebilemcaepdkmhmibgmnpfppnjimjf" target="_blank" title="Speed up your browser with few tweaks via toolbar popup!">Speed Tweaks</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hkhnldpdljhiooeallkmlajnogjghdfb" target="_blank" title="Speeds up browsing over the time, by adding missing Cache-Control response headers.">Speed-Up Browsing</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pjibgclleladliembfgfagdaldikeohf" target="_blank" title="Spotify is a digital music service that gives you access to millions of songs.">Spotify</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/iejlefphljdlldbogebiknjdbgdmlodd" target="_blank" title="View SQL files/content formatted in the browser">SQL Viewer</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/aejlocbcokogiclkcfddhfnpajhejmeb" target="_blank" title="View or edit one or more SQLite databases simultaneously.">SQLite Manager for Google Chrome™</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gialokobpnodfmmbfofdbfnoijhlodgl" target="_blank" title="Query every HTML table with SQL.">SQLizer</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bkobkbkmhkmlmdolbhnmmmhnccdgaebk" target="_blank" title="">Starmark</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dnkhdiodfglfckibnfcjbgddcgjgkacd" target="_blank" title="a command launcher with extension management/app launcher/tab management/history search/alfred">Steward Plus</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bcnomcakmfljhjpfdladhcijheibdeak" target="_blank" title="This app help you quickly find and download subtitles for your favorite videos based on the file hash signature.">Subtitle Finder With Drive</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mfpgdeedjdffbfoomliadmehaoailnjn" target="_blank" title="">Super Bookmark Desktop</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/blecebkjfbkpannnmajllilknpccheak" target="_blank" title="Quickly find out tab/page. Reduce much more time while working with multiple tabs/pages.">Super Focus Tabs</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fglobbnbihckpkodmeefhagijjcjnbeh" target="_blank" title="Helps in overriding cache policy">Super-Cache</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hjebfgojnlefhdgmomncgjglmdckngij" target="_blank" title="Clean up your bookmark mess! Sort bookmarks, delete duplicates, merge folders, sort automatically, etc.">SuperSorter</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dffhipnliikkblkhpjapbecpmoilcama" target="_blank" title="If you have multiple accounts let Swap My Cookies manage them for you!">Swap My Cookies</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mippmhcfjhliihkkdobllhpdnmmciaim" target="_blank" title="The swiss army knife of tab, history, bookmark, session, and extension management.">Tab Master 5000</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hcbgadmbdkiilgpifjgcakjehmafcjai" target="_blank" title="Take control of your tabs">Tab Modifier</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ennkgpoidlcphlccokdocigfibidmccj" target="_blank" title="You can switch tabs with seeing their previews">Tab Preview Board</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bkpenclhmiealbebdopglffmfdiilejc" target="_blank" title="Split Screen made easy. Resize the CURRENT tab and tabs to the RIGHT into layouts on separate windows. w/ Multi Monitor Support.">Tab Resize - split screen layouts</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hilgambgdpjgljhjdaccadahckpdiapo" target="_blank" title="Change tab titles easily!">Tab ReTitle</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jfeaolmlgpmckmgdkgkenoacdnpaedpj" target="_blank" title="">Tab Session Manager - Session list</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/blcimedkggfdbmkpeggbhpdamohlhfcm" target="_blank" title="Inimitable BookMarks Manager by TabIt">TabIt - BookMarks: Productivity in Access</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/iebpjdmgckacbodjpijphcplhebcmeop" target="_blank" title="Copies HTML tables to the clipboard or exports them to Microsoft Excel, CSV, Google Sheets, Office 365, etc.">Table Capture</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/iemgehfkmajinefnpfnmpdebklcndfph" target="_blank" title="">Tablerone</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/andpjllgocabfacjlelkfpdemfklpfpo" target="_blank" title="Save tabs, restore sessions and organize bookmarks with one click.">TABLERONE tab manager</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hfcdmjginkilbcfeffkkggemafdjflhp" target="_blank" title="TabPlus, aka Tab++. Save, cache, and organize your tabs and sync across devices!">TabPlus</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eggkanocgddhmamlbiijnphhppkpkmkl" target="_blank" title="The Next Generation Session Manager; A Really Working Too Many Open Tabs Solution; And Your Browsing Notebook.">Tabs Outliner</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lmmmdnmgmgnimgcfbnomdgeldehlfafn" target="_blank" title="Split, Merge and Sort your tabs">tabSorter2</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fopflmabgkkmpcbdcgogaoohldoelhpd" target="_blank" title="Tabs Pain relief. Expose like functionality for Chrome">TabsPane</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nikomkkhhpfoeamojhhgpfkpkdlfhfii" target="_blank" title="Manage your tabs">TabsPlus</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/maomempcdmkfcjgeabecfpkebghcigac" target="_blank" title="Next generation session manager">tabXpert - session and tab manager</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/paeleikfhjllfcdmkgnjmmkikchonnih" target="_blank" title="Online hashtags predictions and live statistics. Good for all social media site and all non-social media sites,even your own website">TagPredict</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo" target="_blank" title="The world&#39;s most popular userscript manager">Tampermonkey</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mmfbcljfglbokpmkimbfghdkjmjhdgbg" target="_blank" title="A text editor for Chrome OS and Chrome.">Text</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/demheclfdlemkkpadenmajhjbdhbjjml" target="_blank" title="A free, highly customizable text and code editor extension for your browser.">Text Editor</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mpcpnbklkemjinipimjcbgjijefholkd" target="_blank" title="Handy text tools a click away">Text Tools</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eajmcfpkadefdaijoidobidhiignapmi" target="_blank" title="View and extract thumbnail images that are stored inside the Thumbs.db, ehthumbs.db files commonly found on many Windows system.">Thumbs DB Viewer (Thumbs.db)</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lbnnfjfjdijcnaakaebgcoemmlicjbnl" target="_blank" title="Take tabs from parent windows and arrange them in layouts of tiled sub-windows.">Tile Tabs WE</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/plhnjpnbkmdmooideifhkonobdkgbbof" target="_blank" title="Time zone and local time converter. Compare and convert time between many locations at a time.">Time Zone Converter - Savvy Time</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kfmlkgchpffnaphmlmjnimonlldbcpnh" target="_blank" title="The most detailed online time statistics. Know how much time you spend on any site on any day.">TimeYourWeb Time Tracker</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mndijfcodpjlhgjcpcbhncjakaboedbl" target="_blank" title="A full featured task manager to accompany your Todo.txt file and smartphone apps.">Todo.txt for Chrome - simple task management</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fbimffnjoeobhjhochngikepgfejjmgj" target="_blank" title="Translate selected text with Google Translate">Translate Selected Text</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dfhgmnfclbebfobmblelddiejjcijbjm" target="_blank" title="Save web clippings to Trilium Notes.">Trilium Web Clipper</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lekljbhoijkojpbdgdbbmonjddaaoibh" target="_blank" title="Generate a YouTube playlist from your opened tabs.">TubeLister</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/agpjllgcceliiblmebkbiccaaldfedbc" target="_blank" title="Block images without breaking the page. Tune restriction of images by data size.">Tunable Image Block</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jopenbeecpicjacplbogcffolilcgldc" target="_blank" title="Still trying to remember which tags to add to your notes?  Let Tuskify Tagger do it for you!">Tuskify Tagger for Evernote</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/npghlhgagddknpcccbgncondbkdpehof" target="_blank" title="Highlight multiple keywords. Highlight synonyms of your keywords. Highlight paragraphs related to your keywords.">Twinword Finder</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nkokmdpokpgocgabofnpkandjgchljgf" target="_blank" title="Save &amp; Read Chrome History on Your Google Drive">U History</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ppmnkcnnoclkpbbckblofjbjepocnflo" target="_blank" title="A button for everything.">Ultra Button</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/glcigflcbahkmiddcekacggjghgkpgbb" target="_blank" title="SoundIt receiver">Untitled Computer - SoundIt</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ofomgafpojcdabieomlaghjnhnpiaeap" target="_blank" title="Price history, seller ratings, similar goods, order tracking, price drop notice, quick access menu and search.">Up Assistant</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/decebmdlceenceecblpfjanoocfcmjai" target="_blank" title="1-Click URL Increment [+] Button for your toolbar. Requires URL Incrementer Extension. Uses 0 Chrome memory when inactive.">URL Increment Button for URLI</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/beabfimakokhfnnkabnjdelbkgaobhjh" target="_blank" title="URL Monster Remake with Vue.js">URL Monster</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hfppbgecppkbbldmpinlhdmhgdpjlmlh" target="_blank" title="Navigate a list of URLs in the same tab by clicking next.">URList</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mjbfbknmcdpofdfkeencgjaolgcddglh" target="_blank" title="Adds a &#34;open background image in new tab&#34; menu item. Finds closest element to the clicked area that has a background image.">View background image</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jpcmhcelnjdmblfmjabdeclccemkghjk" target="_blank" title="Re-implements the Google Images&#39; &#34;View Image&#34; and &#34;Search by Image&#34; buttons.">View Image</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nnadnepmpjjpcbeegdbgaedmcalghdgg" target="_blank" title="Visual Compare for FEer and UEDer">Visual Compare</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gdedhdlfdeaakpdfkikflkfnbiegaonb" target="_blank" title="Visualize your browsing history with a scattergraph of all your browsing.">Visualize My History</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gidgenkbbabolejbgbpnhbimgjbffefm" target="_blank" title="A window to your Android">Vysor</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ahbkhnpmoamidjgbneafjipbmdfpefad" target="_blank" title="Make your web pages load faster! Boost browser speed!">Web Boost - Wait Less, Browse Faster!</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jnhgnonknehpejjnehehllkliplmbmhn" target="_blank" title="Web data extraction tool with an easy point-and-click interface for modern web">Web Scraper - Free Web Scraping</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ofhbbkphhbklhfoeikjpcbhemlocgigb" target="_blank" title="A Web Server for Chrome, serves web pages from a local folder over the network, using HTTP. Runs offline.">Web Server for Chrome</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lddhblppcjmenljhdleiahjighahdcje" target="_blank" title="">What&#39;s New</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dgafcidlgmbcehokgdeghmfnbpbfhihh" target="_blank" title="The easiest way to find back visited links. Organize your Google search results!">WhenX for Google Search</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hgjfanlllikpfpaadggdbchdpcbiaeei" target="_blank" title="Easily set the layout (size &amp; position) of your browser window">Window Resizer</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/oebpmncolmhiapingjaagmapififiakb" target="_blank" title="Parses the WSDL files and generates SOAP messages for you.">Wizdler</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/djakfbefalbkkdgnhkkdiihelkjdpbfh" target="_blank" title="Change your world one word at a time.">Word Replacer II</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mpnilhaanomcpbdcmmfkbdbockkemmai" target="_blank" title="">work Outlook</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cbjppbhgobknghcncbapklapbloehocf" target="_blank" title="">works 2021 - kinda - spotify Smarter Playlists</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fbakmpanchidgmjopcmcddoihgjkfcjn" target="_blank" title="XHR Proxy Tool">XHR Proxy Tool</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lnbmejbkgjdhmhbdbfjioejeeojnpkon" target="_blank" title="View the structure of XML, JSON files. This XML, JSON Viewer is a simple and powerful, very useful program for XML viewing.">XML, JSON Viewer with Drive</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hgimnogjllphhhkhlmebbmlgjoejdpjl" target="_blank" title="Extract, edit, and evaluate XPath queries with ease.">XPath Helper</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ibdakohjhchaagmccfedeejmeillongg" target="_blank" title="Generate YouTube playlists from various sources (links lists, bookmarks, ...)">YouTube Playlist Helper</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bjcgpdkighmjfjlplcighhgamlhkimce" target="_blank" title="Discover &amp; listen to your music anywhere for FREE">YOUZEEK Free Music</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ngghlnfmdgnpegcmbpgehkbhkhkbkjpj" target="_blank" title="Save time by automating your work.">Zapier</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hmbjbjdpkobdjplfobhljndfdfdipjhg" target="_blank" title="Zoom Cloud Meetings for Chrome">Zoom</a></li>
            <li><a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gfjhimhkjmipphnaminnnnjpnlneeplk" target="_blank" title="Chrome Bulk Image Downloader &amp; Handy Tools by zzllrr.">zzllrr Imager Geek</a></li>
        </ol>
    </body>
</html>

<!--
......................................................
                     Enabled
......................................................

Adjust Screen Brightness
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bcjiagkgnilmcngacjlfhmpdmbhbjcah

Archived Sites
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fngloeboacfmebbamdodniaeagapdjhg

Auto Tab Discard
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jhnleheckmknfcgijgkadoemagpecfol

Awsome Open Source - Find Open Source By Searching, Browsing and Combining 7,000 Topics
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ehegokamemeojeojdpehnbkapdldcnai

Brancher - Visual History Manager
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dfanhpdcmhemhkjafmannijhneiplgec

chrome and other Browser Keyboard Shortcuts (Comparison Table)
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jmcfmelleocacidoafodgndekmliggjf

Downloads Overwrite Already Existing Files
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lddjgfpjnifpeondafidennlcfagekbp

dupeGuru
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pelfeecbhjdkophomagnapdehbehannj

Exif Tag Editor for JPEG
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/faibokoegfgacehipkhinndacjneibdi

Export links of all extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cmeckkgeamghjhkepejgjockldoblhcb

Extension Manager
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gjldcdngmdknpinoemndlidpcabkggco

Files - ownCloud
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dnjakfpjefiiombofdpmhgckkklibide

Floating Player for Youtube™ Videos
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mcodbccegmndmnbpbgkpdkoleoagjpgk

Form History Control (II)
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lpcccgcdjibejkgiaeijbmkpbnbkglkb

Gitrec
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nnblmmglchphbcdolknpmmdmkmbachle

Grammar and Spell Checker - LanguageTool
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/oldceeleldhonbafppcapldpdifcinji

I don't care about cookies
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fihnjjcciajhdojfnbdddfaoknhalnja

Konkeror
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/haimhgpldkmcgccigjgejbdabjoaaifn

LanFolder
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gmhmnhjihabohahcllfgjooaoecglhpi

Memory Use Percent Monitor
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cakleannaofoaookbklmjlcjjjpepadm

ownCloud
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/geomeogjfgenhfoieiphimgobkfakflb

perXautomatik’s gists
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kjacbkiphlkankoljednchldlmagokil

Playlist Search for YouTube™
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jdolgjncmhmboklhmacpknglmiibbldg

QDirStat
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mkegfdegjecjmmkdbdgpnjbgjcebicob

Save as Gist
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bkdmkcpliolodfhpndnocfpglldmeeop

Sort Your Music
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pbagpneoecpclhmkhnbomanjedbomnbk

SplitUp! - Tab manager
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bhoodecbejheonelhikcfahgpgahffmf

Spotify - Music for every moment
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cnkjkdjlofllcpbemipjbcpfnglbgieh

Stash
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kpjdlajohabipdmkagmcpnjdgiamnjhn

Storage Area Explorer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ocfjjjjhkpapocigimmppepjgfdecjkb

Tab Session Manager
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/iaiomicjabeggjcfkbimgmglanimpnae

Tower/Main
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/abnkaliknbombdffbbpgpbipnakkgpak

Visited
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bfcodeehkjogenemacopdbhabjebnbah

Vscode
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hidbidjiepegikkmpimdcafaalloohbf

Wayback Machine
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fpnmgdkabkmnadcjpehmlllkndpkmiak

Web Activities
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eiipeonhflhoiacfbniealbdjoeoglid

Web Scrobbler
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hhinaapppaileiechjoiifaancjggfjm

WorkVM-GUAC
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dmkoiclnhddbhpfebpgdndnjifkifggn



......................................................
                     Disabled
......................................................

(156) zsasasas - YouTube
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ggknkmooilghoofbbncnoieffcphogib

1Click History with thumbnails
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/aaeiploobnfomicfnoloiejlcnagjapl

Ace Script
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mjbepbhonbojpoaenhckjocchgfiaofo

Address Bar Search Options
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dgibfaacpcgapbgbopdcoaimigodiccn

Advanced REST client
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hgmloofddffdnphfgcellkdfbfbjeloo

AHA Music - Song Finder for Browser
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dpacanjfikmhoddligfbehkpomnbgblf

AIsummarizer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pkchapmjffpihgnkmgdlbckdigdpobon

Alchemize
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ehjicobhjldomnjicohkkejcgljecncf

Alexa Traffic Rank
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cknebhggccemgcnbidipinkifmmegdel

AliExpress Image Search - AliCompare
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mmjbociiiafjimjiddoegfljjomglfoc

AliExpress Search By Image
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cpodebcggidjigndghagpkepglfbhali

AliExpress: Search similar products
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/joghfdanngcpobcbmdapcemgbjphihag

AliPriceCompare - price comparison
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/niicehbadcoefddejdcmlgkbdpkbegem

Allow Right-Click
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hompjdfbfmmmgflfjdlnkohcplmboaeo

Allow Select And Copy
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lamaakaemgdclpnfbofmhpkanfnojjch

Alternative To by SaaSHub
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bfllfmelefabahclnehpdocekedapcbj

AmIUnique
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pigjfndpomdldkmoaiiigpbncemhjeca

Apic App
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ndlppagggobloiddihlgkhambleecphp

ApiRequest.io Ajax Capture Debugging Tool
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/aeojbjinmmhjenohjehcidmappiodhjm

Append Text To Clipboard
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mcgpfgockbdjabkddlfbomppijopocgn

Application Launcher For Drive (by Google)
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lmjegmlicamnimmfhcmpkclmigmmcbeh

Apps Script Sortable List Files
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kfehlfaeeefnnbponboooacmenececcb

AppsScript Color
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ciggahcpieccaejjdpkllokejakhkome

Archive Downloader
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/elhoagejfapekjaefenmngphliikoace

AudID - Music Recognition
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/adgighgcbfehkndhaimnpjiomblafffc

Audio Pipes
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ebmfdpppokkplmndpamkhbmochcdlefp

AudioZapper - What You See Is What You Hear
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dbcdnhfnlpncjompeodddgcbcnloadij

Augury
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/elgalmkoelokbchhkhacckoklkejnhcd

Auto Alt Text
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lgmkhmedpaidhgonghfhijjlgaballje

Auto Text Expander for Google Chrome™
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/iibninhmiggehlcdolcilmhacighjamp

AutocardAnywhere
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eobkhgkgoejnjaiofdmphhkemmomfabg

AutoControl: Custom shortcuts, Mouse gestures
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lkaihdpfpifdlgoapbfocpmekbokmcfd

Autofill
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nlmmgnhgdeffjkdckmikfpnddkbbfkkk

AutoPagerize
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/igiofjhpmpihnifddepnpngfjhkfenbp

Awesome Window & Tab Manager
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nfjaddknccljfohoaekkibpcceeenkah

AwesomeDrive for Google Drive
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/aaebjepcfidgkojljbgoilgkgklehldj

Batch Save Pocket
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ihhiomekhplpdojbcaniaglcfopckaef

Better Subscriptions for YouTube™
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fkchdogohkjpnhfkganifkbbjcjofbjf

Bomnibox - Better Omnibox
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/addhjliabodfedbldldgckekdeplehai

Bookmanize - Advanced bookmark manager
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/idbigcbhfbdclcbljcoopcjgkejaknnl

Bookmark
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/paigdnkkmodopofccgdeacgoocgeijkn

Bookmark Box
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eghjldnoldfcnfgfkbnmcbaalnkljphi

Bookmarks Commander
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/knfpajocfeohpaipkfpdbfhgibajfmcf

Calculator
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/joodangkbfjnajiiifokapkpmhfnpleo

Camp Explorer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fkkbhcpcpapcgcfjmllgibbnalmpbjcm

Capture to a Gif
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eapecadlmfblmnfnojebefkbginhggeh

Caret
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fljalecfjciodhpcledpamjachpmelml

Check All
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nnbihdpkeohjdfncchjhidbbonnihaob

Chrome Cleaner
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lbpddeimojmbpkbfckjpnbpehgnbpnnl

Chrome extension source viewer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jifpbeccnghkjeaalbbjmodiffmgedin

Chrome MySQL Admin
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ndgnpnpakfcdjmpgmcaknimfgcldechn

Chrome Web Store Launcher (by Google)
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gecgipfabdickgidpmbicneamekgbaej

Chromebook Recovery Utility
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jndclpdbaamdhonoechobihbbiimdgai

ChroPath
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ljngjbnaijcbncmcnjfhigebomdlkcjo

CKP - KeePass integration for Chrome™
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lnfepbjehgokldcaljagbmchhnaaogpc

Clipboard History Pro: best productivity tool
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ajiejmhbejpdgkkigpddefnjmgcbkenk

Close Duplicate Tab
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lccfnphpgnpeghoffocbacbkohbapinm

CloudDiff
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hlmlielnekakcdfpkbgcpnphenleogfp

CLUT: Cycle Last Used Tabs
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cobieddmkhhnbeldhncnfcgcaccmehgn

Code Pad Text Editor
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/adaepfiocmagdimjecpifghcgfjlfmkh

ColumnCopy
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lapbbfoohlcmlbdaakldmmallcbcbpjb

Constellix Sonar Lite Network Troubleshooting
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jaoaipchgmdieejepndehhkgjihmffde

Cool Clock
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/icegcmhgphfkgglbljbkdegiaaihifce

Copy all links and image links to CSV or JSON
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ccddopnnikeeoogpfbnfommfoeliaidg

Copy DOM Content
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dmdbhcacalljmfmilnhmnhihdfoamdap

Crosh
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/npadekjkhjjdjajfclelimnbfooodbch

Crosh Window
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nhbmpbdladcchdhkemlojfjdknjadhmh

CrXPRT
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hiajijaeaacmnpjpkcfnhohmaijanjgf

CSS Spy
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/plbeolffejbcpmndnfknfkcaofdmdeln

Custom Button
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mphgmadkligoedhahoinkjghofkpmedf

daily.dev - News for Busy Developers
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jlmpjdjjbgclbocgajdjefcidcncaied

Dark Mode
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dmghijelimhndkbmpgbldicpogfkceaj

De-Mainstream YouTube™
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dkcdmdpcapjlaoioeenamjdanpeehjan

Deactivator
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ikpbklpebmmpnjijokjmlapjhbekmbkm

DevTools Classes & Atributes panel
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/biabbcomlbkpheflaadfacefiajmjoed

Diff Text by DiffEngineX LLC
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fjdgklpppgpbgkhdnkngmdimagfgpdkn

Diigo Web Collector - Capture and Annotate
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pnhplgjpclknigjpccbcnmicgcieojbh

Dimensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/baocaagndhipibgklemoalmkljaimfdj

Display #Anchors
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/poahndpaaanbpbeafbkploiobpiiieko

DOM to JSON Converter
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eipknbkoepfidigecmlofhmhlecmhfcj

Doodle Search - for Google Images™
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hkdnokkapkcmjhmbobdggmdhbocokafc

Drive Overwrite, File Replace for Drive
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/llanhaaigblafdecdihpppjaeekpddfl

DWService - remote access, remote administration, remote support
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jmbhhkegmlllnemffdfjjhldapbhiaag

Ears: Bass Boost, EQ Any Audio!
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nfdfiepdkbnoanddpianalelglmfooik

Edit with Sublime Text™
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eiejadjdcchfommckmikpcdnihljbpai

EditThisCookie
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fngmhnnpilhplaeedifhccceomclgfbg

Element Path Finder
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cmddjimnbiilckakmjjljdjinelkpine

Embox
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fbodooeekdjejmannopmfgblmkbkcmhg

Enhanced History
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/blpnkmdkoapbdhpmemnaikpbhajknmdb

Enhancer for Netflix, Crunchyroll, etc
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dbpjfmehfpcgmlpfnfilcnhbckmecmca

Everything Metric - Auto Unit Converter
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hknjpaididhfgeocegbacehlnkofjoni

Exif Meta Viewer With Drive
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gdeahmamcoanadeblogkaghaofgpflkd

Export History/Bookmarks to JSON/CSV*/XLS*
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dcoegfodcnjofhjfbhegcgjgapeichlf

ezLinkPreview
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nnkcfbiefgdaceeplickkkmifpicbpcc

Fake Filler
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bnjjngeaknajbdcgpfkgnonkmififhfo

File System for Dropbox
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hlffpaajmfllggclnjppbblobdhokjhe

File System for OneDrive
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jbfdfcehgafdbfpniaimfbfomafoadgo

Find & Replace for Text Editing
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jajhdmnpiocpbpnlpejbgmpijgmoknnl

First Paint & Page Load Time
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bjkmldgdbbehjahimccnckggoofdommo

floccus bookmarks sync
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fnaicdffflnofjppbagibeoednhnbjhg

Flowbar
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chidlojljmmcgpjapdbkedbbilnjoddg

Flowbar | Dashboard
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dnjndbdikhfgkpjohmlimbmglbpminck

fluany
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gijlnmefafhloacckomgabbndcepdnce

Form-O-Fill - The programmable form filler
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/iebbppibdpjldhohknhgjoapijellonp

FreshView for YouTube™
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eckknmnfoohbeklmjlidmfdlakndcfkm

Fuskr
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/glieaboaghdnlglpkekghloldikefofo

G App Launcher (Customizer for Google™)
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ponjkmladgjfjgllmhnkhgbgocdigcjm

Gab Social
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/neielcniaeobgbeebfdmpmcoefchbipl

GAT Shield Personal
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bmolaacbagnmpdfhgaomcfhgofgnfgif

Gif Delayer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cmfcdkambpljcndgdmaccaagladfnepa

GitHub - Compare Branch Switcher
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fjlmkbgkecelphjcapljnhiebbcbimjh

GitHub compare helper
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cioiakfpohjbldapjdenhmdenmdcdigd

Github compare tags
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pjkolicadkdcfgjjoopdpleenckeajkk

Google Apps Script GitHub Assistant
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lfjcgcmkmjjlieihflfhjopckgpelofo

Google Dictionary (by Google)
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mgijmajocgfcbeboacabfgobmjgjcoja

Google Docs Offline
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ghbmnnjooekpmoecnnnilnnbdlolhkhi

Google Drive Bookmarks
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eolnmipkgioggbdmfjonnnaedbogmokb

Google Photos
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hcglmfcclpfgljeaiahehebeoaiicbko

Google Photos
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ncmjhecbjeaamljdfahankockkkdmedg

Google Photos on map: browse, pin, PDF
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/appnhljekbigckdfnickpoahhledjgab

Google Play
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/komhbcfkdcgmcdoenjcjheifdiabikfi

Google Play Movies & TV
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gdijeikdkaembjbdobgfkoidjkpbmlkd

Google Results Previewer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mkmjdljkedjpedbceoaaghdmcnipdcjf

Google Similar Pages
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pjnfggphgdjblhfjaphkjhfpiiekbbej

Google Translate
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/aapbdbdomjkkjkaonfhkkikfgjllcleb

History export
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lpmoaclacdaofhlijejogfldmgkdlglj

History Finder
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eailembbokjdoehchhlpbhnjlkecgack

History Manager
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ifekbbngjjcachfekcpeejphmkeckged

History Map
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gnkekbekankhgcmajobhnbdhopcmnfjj

History Trends
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nangghhladpnhlllolmdbdgeggionole

History Trends Unlimited
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pnmchffiealhkdloeffcdnbgdnedheme

histree
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ndbagohiojdjjafgjanakanpmialabpd

HTML DOM Navigation
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eimpgjcahblfpdgiknmbmglcafegimil

Html Scan
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jkkccmdilclkdkhkfdmcbdiagpibmpne

HTML Tree Generator
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dlbbmhhaadfnbbdnjalilhdakfmiffeg

HTML Viewer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ajeckfnejjkkhcbdhidfgahjpelakpcd

Huntress Reverse Image Search
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nkhjamjppefmeceaokadfacbdmmcmdpg

Hype Minifier
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hnlaacnnnjecflpkaccgplbjnfjeccpc

I'm Feeling Lucky
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cnlabakikmdekpfaflaihcepfkjopgll

Improve YouTube! (Open-Source for YouTube)
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bnomihfieiccainjcjblhegjgglakjdd

iPrevYou - YouTube™ Player
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/blijlgfnjhnhmnaldaiienmjggbjhbaa

JavaScript Editor
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/enhkeonpomkliaedmafeniofidolfmdd

Joomunited cache checker
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jlcmafhhfghnndpclpnhgknchmoiceao

jQuery-cache
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kalnennlfaffhbdbnoakkiiciifmmohk

JS RAM memory consumption : usedJSHeapSize
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/olnjnghiiigbjdjfnngpmjaghcgpmjkl

JSON Compressor
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mjfdbdokeoeehiiifinfifnakpeajbgm

JSON Formatter
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bcjindcccaagfpapjjmafapmmgkkhgoa

JSON pathfinder
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cgpbbgjlljobcemhhimjknkldpinacpn

JSON Viewer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gbmdgpbipfallnflgajpaliibnhdgobh

JSONPath Finder
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bankcpekihijigplompggpdolehhnale

Kami Extension - PDF and Document Annotation
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ecnphlgnajanjnkcmbpancdjoidceilk

KeePass Tusk - Password Access and Autofill
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fmhmiaejopepamlcjkncpgpdjichnecm

KeePassHelper Password Manager
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jgnfghanfbjmimbdmnjfofnbcgpkbegj

konstruktor_k’s Music Profile — Users...
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pjhofffhfenjpcilpcipoaampnclheop

LastPass: Free Password Manager
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hdokiejnpimakedhajhdlcegeplioahd

Laziest Load
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mgmkfbapiafkaebchhbghgffkfcmolhb

Link Folders
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dncmpfbjeippfclnpgbhpbhhapegibfp

Linkclump
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lfpjkncokllnfokkgpkobnkbkmelfefj

LinkedIn Extension
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/meajfmicibjppdgbjfkpdikfjcflabpk

Local Cache
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bpiehpmcnipgajgjdmalnpobnkfaanlj

Local Explorer - File Manager on web browser
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eokekhgpaakbkfkmjjcbffibkencdfkl

LocalGalleryViewerExtension
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/opheklanmaieaeneebdohfpbjkhcgilk

ManExt
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pplkkehghfmdfghoopnelpcofbganpfc

Map to IntelliJ IDE
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/idhgkmnohcikhlciggjinlikclejfmih

MediaPlus
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/emaamodndfmmmcjepfigalbjjjemadom

Mergely Text Compare
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nnmfinjmffhaenlbjhbpfmbkiodgehcl

Messages
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hpfldicfbfomlpcikngkocigghgafkph

Messages
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nngjipgjhfkaeimbhgmodlbhligdflei

Microsoft To Do
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lcencafelbhhmfmlfhejhncccphbjdhj

Midnight Lizard
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pbnndmlekkboofhnbonilimejonapojg

Mini Performance Monitor
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ipgpjgifjnioddcchjpjcfagalbfapfk

ModHeader
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/idgpnmonknjnojddfkpgkljpfnnfcklj

Monitor and Clean system's CPU / RAM usage
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/abhdadadmefcinkehbogolpfocgjkkgb

Multiple URL Opener
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lompiehpjobkhelnjlhjiedhddijiekg

MultitaskOS
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ocdlpdmejajjjfcmhggnhbeacmgnabad

MuteTab
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/acofndgbcimipbpeoplfjcapdbebbmca

Netflix
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eppojlglocelodeimnohnlnionkobfln

Network File Share for Chrome OS
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ndjpildffkeodjdaeebdhnncfhopkajk

Network Indicator
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cemcnpjeepmkfaceemkgimgckjfcfmio

New Tab iFrame
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pjjgnpjhedgolccfdplecmnapdjhlknm

Nextube - Change "Up next" video on YouTube™
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/flfemkicmemllbonegllchhlfbkiejei

NiftySplit
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bkmjnlfillpnkgmjnhgklpjjlpjnfeil

Node Alice
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bhllciafajoolibfgpoknippnclemole

NooBoss
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/aajodjghehmlpahhboidcpfjcncmcklf

NordVPN - #1 VPN Proxy Extension for Chrome
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fjoaledfpmneenckfbpdfhkmimnjocfa

Notebooks
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/enbjpmappigbchejinjpdnpoebdiaghd

Obvibase: an online database editor
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hoddinokjifhganfcgkjmkkngljebjdj

Octopart - Electronic Part Search
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mblfcbmihdhgbkogmkbpokdeenjiamjg

Offcloud
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nejbcdegohekbebnnaidlnfccjljegak

Office
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ocdlmjhbenodhlknglojajgokahchlkk

Office Editing for Docs, Sheets & Slides
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gbkeegbaiigmenfmjfclcdgdpimamgkj

OneNote Web Clipper
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gojbdfnpnhogfdgjbigejoaolejmgdhk

OneTab
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chphlpgkkbolifaimnlloiipkdnihall

Online Download Manager
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/opjjpmhoiojifppkkcdabiobhakljdgm

Online Photo Collages
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/keghogjhbkfbkomcggafaeifbkgojkjb

Online Text T...
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lhmniafhghadengdbpbidigcdmmmnfig

Oogle
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hnldbiikfjheppkbnjbnkgimnfejifpf

OOXML Tools
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bjmmjfdegplhkefakjkccocjanekbapn

Open Frame
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kdhjgkkaacdhdioocfbpmhjidbinfajj

Open in Private Mode
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fcmoifjllifgjedihhcmbhjmfakcadcm

Open Link in Same Tab
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kgpefningcojblgciiljmabggbbjiojb

Open Multiple URLs
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/oifijhaokejakekmnjmphonojcfkpbbh

Ouch! 500 Error: Something went wrong
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ikoadmominiommllaijlbbiieikoeooo

Outlook
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/faolnafnngnfdaknnbpnkhgohbobgegn

Overtab
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/leceanmnoanolhdkonbapdkplgikipon

Pace4Chrome
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mnajikgodiohijkaknjomgpjjoogdfdj

Page Monitor
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ogeebjpdeabhncjpfhgdibjajcajepgg

Page Structure Cache
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lableglmojmhoafpejaknbokihkkgooh

Panel Components
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mooaaejpdfdebnddpokcdimcobepahlg

PDF Merge and Split (Without Server)
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bklbjhnfdbohcagboogdmiinjjlhmmgg

Pearltrees Extension
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bgngjfgpahnnncnimlhjgjhdajmaeeoa

Personal Blocklist (by Google)
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nolijncfnkgaikbjbdaogikpmpbdcdef

PlantUML
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hchhdmipllkkldlekhlfkfmojafjaeeg

Play Free Hentai Games and Porn Games Online - Nutaku
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fjjanlhcmlajhaneibjbdgpgogodhbji

Playlist Sorter for YouTube
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ameobkgafemjmlgobgbdadbdbgncbecg

playlistmahinery - Sort Your Music
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pcnainllcjaimmjfkkddifniiofebndj

Playlistmaschinery - The Playlist Miner
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hfkpmdohdjblhadgdmhbdgdcpgddoain

Plok
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bdlhbjbdpkcnlbgbkejjkepclaaaffjm

Plotly
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/khajkhinhblhaenlhpodnblkmpdgclne

PNG, GIF, JPEG Optimizer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/inagencdkahngbepkiglkggohojnmgnj

PocketTube: Youtube Subscription Manager
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kdmnjgijlmjgmimahnillepgcgeemffb

Popup window
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nnlippelgfbglbhiccffmnmlnhmbjjpe

Portalen
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/difghnheohclfklkcnbbknfnhojfiece

Post To Google Photos™
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lafpnfnchohhamoidohgmljijeafebbf

Power Cache
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/famkodflhompmapangljedfdcfeligih

Predictive Tab Key Auto Complete
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jdoppinocmncfoogncheajbjeipceeok

Prelude
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ecpkhgpdldjkdldonapgfbkihclemenm

Pretty Js
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kililblhcfpodipkcbobnbgnbbhgbkji

PrintWhatYouLike
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/npgfabafajliaooeicdoahbpoajfmbbe

Productivity Owl
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eoagmdboiealblmpaahjlhajggndaahi

ProductivityTab — Custom Homepage Dashboard
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/oghkljobbhapacbahlneolfclkniiami

Project Naptha
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/molncoemjfmpgdkbdlbjmhlcgniigdnf

Pushbullet
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chlffgpmiacpedhhbkiomidkjlcfhogd

QR it!
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cbbanapabopdclniplcfanpepneilmfj

Read Aloud: A Text to Speech Voice Reader
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hdhinadidafjejdhmfkjgnolgimiaplp

Read In Bed
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gjbepkalbfffninamijgbcniiiogcgjp

Readlang Web Reader
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/odpdkefpnfejbfnmdilmfhephfffmfoh

Recent Tabs with your browsing history
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/khjgklaeknnibmeeanmbfjcnjablcpil

Reddit Comment Collapser
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/njmimaecgocggclbecipdimilidimlpl

Reddit Notifier
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ikingdipinldcfllekffnlgbojbbpilk

Reddit post notifier
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hoolgoecmeegpbidbbcefgkjegdejibd

Redirect Path
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/aomidfkchockcldhbkggjokdkkebmdll

Redirector
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ocgpenflpmgnfapjedencafcfakcekcd

Relevance - Smart Tab Organizer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hgklcaodfmndpkajdmcmlpihhoenhpbp

Rename Tab Title
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kppndhfiaenbiioipolacicknfmdcdep

Resource Override
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pkoacgokdfckfpndoffpifphamojphii

Restart Browser
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dofilojkogcnamnghamnjdgjkhgbledc

RFCRestyle
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/babdjpjkdmdppnlgjlpgiknmbdblmdbd

RiteTag
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hclhpnhohpmlbadmeieecaandnglfodm

RSS Feed Reader
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pnjaodmkngahhkoihejjehlcdlnohgmp

RSSHub Radar
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kefjpfngnndepjbopdmoebkipbgkggaa

Sacred Sword Princesses - Action Adventure Sex Game | Nutaku
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/llfneggaeggahfdlmioaemaifgopmban

Safer Redirects
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ecejaaoknpcjfheoejampbickooodnna

Save Image Router
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pkimacjjcahflldkhofmdjlelllacbil

Save Text to File
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mkepenkbhepjelljcfiooignmpfgochi

Save to Google Drive
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gmbmikajjgmnabiglmofipeabaddhgne

Scraper Parsers - Free Web Scraping
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mhfjedhbggbodliofccpefegbmaoohin

Screengrab!
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fccdiabakoglkihagkjmaomipdeegbpk

Scribe Text Editor
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dibbaaheaneakpnjljinhlghfljilakb

Search by Image (by Google)
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dajedkncpodkggklbegccjpmnglmnflm

Search by image on Aliexpress
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ecgllillhilocegdanfdmbfnjonmhpie

Search in Google Drive™
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bkdjphkjphnnkghmehpnhohdbionmfok

SearchPreview
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hcjdanpjacpeeppdjkppebobilhaglfo

Secure Shell App
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pnhechapfaindjhompbnflcldabbghjo

SelectionSK
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/npohodmlkdednnlbhfegpnhohpgckocf

SelectorGadget
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mhjhnkcfbdhnjickkkdbjoemdmbfginb

SelectorsHub
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ndgimibanhlabgdgjcpbbndiehljcpfh

Selenium Page Object Generator
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/epgmnmcjdhapiojbohkkemlfkegmbebb

Separate Window
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cbgkkbaghihhnaeabfcmmglhnfkfnpon

Servistate HTTP Editor & REST API Client
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mmdjghedkfbdhbjhmefbbgjaihmmhkeg

Session Switcher
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cahmhpmgmcgbhafeickhklifhoonfala

SessionBox - Free multi login to any website
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/megbklhjamjbcafknkgmokldgolkdfig

Sierra for Chrome
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/faodanlpdbnpfnbjekababekhpmphfho

Simplex Search - Direct Download Everything
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pjbeoppcjalfpobcfcfcdndbjdoeikkl

SingleFile
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mpiodijhokgodhhofbcjdecpffjipkle

Skip Redirect
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jaoafjdoijdconemdmodhbfpianehlon

SmartSearch for YouTube™
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fpangaoielmaepplbaklenkbgbkgkbpf

SmartVideo For YouTube™
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lnkdbjbjpnpjeciipoaflmpcddinpjjp

SnipLists
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/amccppjkgkeicoaamonanofimceimcik

Speed Dial [FVD] - New Tab Page, 3D, Sync...
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/llaficoajjainaijghjlofdfmbjpebpa

Speed Tweaks
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/afebilemcaepdkmhmibgmnpfppnjimjf

Speed-Up Browsing
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hkhnldpdljhiooeallkmlajnogjghdfb

Spotify
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pjibgclleladliembfgfagdaldikeohf

SQL Viewer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/iejlefphljdlldbogebiknjdbgdmlodd

SQLite Manager for Google Chrome™
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/aejlocbcokogiclkcfddhfnpajhejmeb

SQLizer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gialokobpnodfmmbfofdbfnoijhlodgl

Starmark
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bkobkbkmhkmlmdolbhnmmmhnccdgaebk

Steward Plus
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dnkhdiodfglfckibnfcjbgddcgjgkacd

Subtitle Finder With Drive
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bcnomcakmfljhjpfdladhcijheibdeak

Super Bookmark Desktop
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mfpgdeedjdffbfoomliadmehaoailnjn

Super Focus Tabs
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/blecebkjfbkpannnmajllilknpccheak

Super-Cache
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fglobbnbihckpkodmeefhagijjcjnbeh

SuperSorter
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hjebfgojnlefhdgmomncgjglmdckngij

Swap My Cookies
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dffhipnliikkblkhpjapbecpmoilcama

Tab Master 5000
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mippmhcfjhliihkkdobllhpdnmmciaim

Tab Modifier
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hcbgadmbdkiilgpifjgcakjehmafcjai

Tab Preview Board
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ennkgpoidlcphlccokdocigfibidmccj

Tab Resize - split screen layouts
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bkpenclhmiealbebdopglffmfdiilejc

Tab ReTitle
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hilgambgdpjgljhjdaccadahckpdiapo

Tab Session Manager - Session list
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jfeaolmlgpmckmgdkgkenoacdnpaedpj

TabIt - BookMarks: Productivity in Access
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/blcimedkggfdbmkpeggbhpdamohlhfcm

Table Capture
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/iebpjdmgckacbodjpijphcplhebcmeop

Tablerone
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/iemgehfkmajinefnpfnmpdebklcndfph

TABLERONE tab manager
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/andpjllgocabfacjlelkfpdemfklpfpo

TabPlus
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hfcdmjginkilbcfeffkkggemafdjflhp

Tabs Outliner
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eggkanocgddhmamlbiijnphhppkpkmkl

tabSorter2
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lmmmdnmgmgnimgcfbnomdgeldehlfafn

TabsPane
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fopflmabgkkmpcbdcgogaoohldoelhpd

TabsPlus
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nikomkkhhpfoeamojhhgpfkpkdlfhfii

tabXpert - session and tab manager
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/maomempcdmkfcjgeabecfpkebghcigac

TagPredict
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/paeleikfhjllfcdmkgnjmmkikchonnih

Tampermonkey
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo

Text
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mmfbcljfglbokpmkimbfghdkjmjhdgbg

Text Editor
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/demheclfdlemkkpadenmajhjbdhbjjml

Text Tools
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mpcpnbklkemjinipimjcbgjijefholkd

Thumbs DB Viewer (Thumbs.db)
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/eajmcfpkadefdaijoidobidhiignapmi

Tile Tabs WE
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lbnnfjfjdijcnaakaebgcoemmlicjbnl

Time Zone Converter - Savvy Time
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/plhnjpnbkmdmooideifhkonobdkgbbof

TimeYourWeb Time Tracker
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kfmlkgchpffnaphmlmjnimonlldbcpnh

Todo.txt for Chrome - simple task management
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mndijfcodpjlhgjcpcbhncjakaboedbl

Translate Selected Text
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fbimffnjoeobhjhochngikepgfejjmgj

Trilium Web Clipper
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dfhgmnfclbebfobmblelddiejjcijbjm

TubeLister
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lekljbhoijkojpbdgdbbmonjddaaoibh

Tunable Image Block
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/agpjllgcceliiblmebkbiccaaldfedbc

Tuskify Tagger for Evernote
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jopenbeecpicjacplbogcffolilcgldc

Twinword Finder
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/npghlhgagddknpcccbgncondbkdpehof

U History
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nkokmdpokpgocgabofnpkandjgchljgf

Ultra Button
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ppmnkcnnoclkpbbckblofjbjepocnflo

Untitled Computer - SoundIt
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/glcigflcbahkmiddcekacggjghgkpgbb

Up Assistant
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ofomgafpojcdabieomlaghjnhnpiaeap

URL Increment Button for URLI
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/decebmdlceenceecblpfjanoocfcmjai

URL Monster
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/beabfimakokhfnnkabnjdelbkgaobhjh

URList
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hfppbgecppkbbldmpinlhdmhgdpjlmlh

View background image
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mjbfbknmcdpofdfkeencgjaolgcddglh

View Image
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jpcmhcelnjdmblfmjabdeclccemkghjk

Visual Compare
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nnadnepmpjjpcbeegdbgaedmcalghdgg

Visualize My History
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gdedhdlfdeaakpdfkikflkfnbiegaonb

Vysor
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gidgenkbbabolejbgbpnhbimgjbffefm

Web Boost - Wait Less, Browse Faster!
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ahbkhnpmoamidjgbneafjipbmdfpefad

Web Scraper - Free Web Scraping
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jnhgnonknehpejjnehehllkliplmbmhn

Web Server for Chrome
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ofhbbkphhbklhfoeikjpcbhemlocgigb

What's New
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lddhblppcjmenljhdleiahjighahdcje

WhenX for Google Search
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dgafcidlgmbcehokgdeghmfnbpbfhihh

Window Resizer
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hgjfanlllikpfpaadggdbchdpcbiaeei

Wizdler
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/oebpmncolmhiapingjaagmapififiakb

Word Replacer II
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/djakfbefalbkkdgnhkkdiihelkjdpbfh

work Outlook
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mpnilhaanomcpbdcmmfkbdbockkemmai

works 2021 - kinda - spotify Smarter Playlists
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cbjppbhgobknghcncbapklapbloehocf

XHR Proxy Tool
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fbakmpanchidgmjopcmcddoihgjkfcjn

XML, JSON Viewer with Drive
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lnbmejbkgjdhmhbdbfjioejeeojnpkon

XPath Helper
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hgimnogjllphhhkhlmebbmlgjoejdpjl

YouTube Playlist Helper
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ibdakohjhchaagmccfedeejmeillongg

YOUZEEK Free Music
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bjcgpdkighmjfjlplcighhgamlhkimce

Zapier
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ngghlnfmdgnpegcmbpgehkbhkhkbkjpj

Zoom
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hmbjbjdpkobdjplfobhljndfdfdipjhg

zzllrr Imager Geek
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gfjhimhkjmipphnaminnnnjpnlneeplk
-->
